README.md, before:

# Gatsby-Source-Cloudinary

This source plugin is used to query media files from your cloudinary account into file nodes in your Gatsby project.

[See a live demo here](https://gsc-sample.netlify.com/)

[Here's a tutorial on plugin usage](https://scotch.io/tutorials/handling-images-in-gatsby-with-high-performance)

Looking to use the features of Gatsby-Image with Cloudinary optimized storage, transformations and delivery? Checkout the [gatsby-transformer-cloudinary](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gatsby-transformer-cloudinary) plugin.

## Cloudinary Credentials
Obtain your cloudname, key and secret from your cloudinary console when you signup at [Cloudinary.com](https://cloudinary.com)

Store your `cloudName`, `apiKey` and `apiSecret` as environment variables for security.
To do this, create a file in the root of the project named `.env`. Add your environment variables in it with: 

```
CLOUDINARY_API_KEY=INSERT API KEY HERE
CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET=INSERT API SECRET HERE
CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME=INSERT CLOUDNAME HERE
```

Install `dotenv` in your project with:

```
yarn add dotenv
```

In your `gatsby-config.js` file, require and configure `dotenv` with:

```
require('dotenv').config();
```

There are several options to configuring `dotenv` to use different env files either in development or production. You can find that [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv).

Add the `.env` file to `.gitignore` so it's not committed.

Ensure to configure the environment variables on deployment as well.

## Installation
To use, in your Gatsby project run:

```bash
npm install --save gatsby-source-cloudinary
```

In your `gatsby-config.js` file, include the plugin like this:

```js
{
    resolve:`gatsby-source-cloudinary`,
    options:{
    cloudName: process.env.CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME,
    apiKey: process.env.CLOUDINARY_API_KEY,
    apiSecret: process.env.CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET,
    resourceType: `image`,
    type: `type Value`,
    maxResults: `Max result`,
    tags:`fetch image tags?`,
    prefix: `abc-xyz/`
    }
}
```

`cloudName`, `apiKey` and `apiSecret` are compulsory fields whereas the rest are optional query parameters to be included.


## Query Parameters
Here are details of each query parameter as culled from [Cloudinary.com](https://cloudinary.com).

* `resourceType` - Optional (String, default: image). The type of file. Possible values: image, raw, video. Relevant as a parameter only when using the SDKs (the resource type is included in the endpoint URL for direct calls to the HTTP API). Note: Use the video resource type for all video resources as well as for audio files, such as .mp3.
* `type` - Optional (String, default: all). The storage type: upload, private, authenticated, facebook, twitter, gplus, instagram_name, gravatar, youtube, hulu, vimeo, animoto, worldstarhiphop or dailymotion. Relevant as a parameter only when using the SDKs (the type is included in the endpoint URL for direct calls to the HTTP API).
* `maxResults` - Optional. (Integer, default=10. maximum=500). Max number of resources to return.
* `tags` - Optional (Boolean, default: false). If true, include the list of tag names assigned each resource.
* `prefix` - Optional. (String). Find all resources with a public ID that starts with the given prefix. The resources are sorted by public ID in the response.

> With `prefix`, source only media files from a specific folder. However, you will need to specify `type` and `resourceType` in the config options.

An example `prefix` value is `gatsby-anime-videos/`. This will fetch only media files with public ids beginning with `gatsby-anime-videos/*`. Example: `gatsby-anime-videos/naruto.mp4`

> The `f_auto` and `q_auto` Cloudinary transformations are applied automatically to all media queries. This optimizes the delivered media quality and format.

All media files sourced from Cloudinary are on build, hence you will need to trigger a new production build whenever new media files are added directly on Cloudinary. 

Feel free to create feature requests.... and PRs :)

Commit message:

Update with proof of concept for Gabtsy image support

README.md, after:

# Gatsby-Source-Cloudinary

This source plugin is used to query media files from your cloudinary account into file nodes in your Gatsby project.

[See a live demo here](https://gsc-sample.netlify.com/)

[Here's a tutorial on plugin usage](https://scotch.io/tutorials/handling-images-in-gatsby-with-high-performance)

Looking to use the features of Gatsby-Image with Cloudinary optimized storage, transformations and delivery? Checkout the [gatsby-transformer-cloudinary](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gatsby-transformer-cloudinary) plugin.

## Cloudinary Credentials
Obtain your cloudname, key and secret from your cloudinary console when you signup at [Cloudinary.com](https://cloudinary.com)

Store your `cloudName`, `apiKey` and `apiSecret` as environment variables for security.
To do this, create a file in the root of the project named `.env`. Add your environment variables in it with:

```
CLOUDINARY_API_KEY=INSERT API KEY HERE
CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET=INSERT API SECRET HERE
CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME=INSERT CLOUDNAME HERE
```

Install `dotenv` in your project with:

```
yarn add dotenv
```

In your `gatsby-config.js` file, require and configure `dotenv` with:

```
require('dotenv').config();
```

There are several options to configuring `dotenv` to use different env files either in development or production. You can find that [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv).

Add the `.env` file to `.gitignore` so it's not committed.

Ensure to configure the environment variables on deployment as well.

## Installation
To use, in your Gatsby project run:

```bash
npm install --save gatsby-source-cloudinary
```

In your `gatsby-config.js` file, include the plugin like this:

```js
{
    resolve:`gatsby-source-cloudinary`,
    options:{
    cloudName: process.env.CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME,
    apiKey: process.env.CLOUDINARY_API_KEY,
    apiSecret: process.env.CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET,
    resourceType: `image`,
    type: `type Value`,
    maxResults: `Max result`,
    tags:`fetch image tags?`,
    prefix: `abc-xyz/`
    }
}
```

`cloudName`, `apiKey` and `apiSecret` are compulsory fields whereas the rest are optional query parameters to be included.


## Query Parameters
Here are details of each query parameter as culled from [Cloudinary.com](https://cloudinary.com).

* `resourceType` - Optional (String, default: image). The type of file. Possible values: image, raw, video. Relevant as a parameter only when using the SDKs (the resource type is included in the endpoint URL for direct calls to the HTTP API). Note: Use the video resource type for all video resources as well as for audio files, such as .mp3.
* `type` - Optional (String, default: all). The storage type: upload, private, authenticated, facebook, twitter, gplus, instagram_name, gravatar, youtube, hulu, vimeo, animoto, worldstarhiphop or dailymotion. Relevant as a parameter only when using the SDKs (the type is included in the endpoint URL for direct calls to the HTTP API).
* `maxResults` - Optional. (Integer, default=10. maximum=500). Max number of resources to return.
* `tags` - Optional (Boolean, default: false). If true, include the list of tag names assigned each resource.
* `prefix` - Optional. (String). Find all resources with a public ID that starts with the given prefix. The resources are sorted by public ID in the response.

> With `prefix`, source only media files from a specific folder. However, you will need to specify `type` and `resourceType` in the config options.

An example `prefix` value is `gatsby-anime-videos/`. This will fetch only media files with public ids beginning with `gatsby-anime-videos/*`. Example: `gatsby-anime-videos/naruto.mp4`

> The `f_auto` and `q_auto` Cloudinary transformations are applied automatically to all media queries. This optimizes the delivered media quality and format.

All media files sourced from Cloudinary are on build, hence you will need to trigger a new production build whenever new media files are added directly on Cloudinary.

Feel free to create feature requests.... and PRs :)

## Todo
- [ ] Add transformation args
- [ ] Add fragments
- [ ] Add support for fixed and fluid
- [ ] Update sizes string
  - [ ] Handle pagination, could have more than `maxResults` of 500
